  Once upon a time, a boy named Leo was walking home from school. When he was about to reach his house, a huge flash blinded Leo and an earth trembling crash sent Leo to the ground. When he was finally able to regain his eyesight and stand up, he looked off into the field to his right, and saw what appeared to be a space ship the size of a house. Lights began to flash, and all of a sudden a door open. Out emerged a figure.  

That figure was an astronaut; however, Leo was unable to comprehend what the alien was attempting to communicate. A few minutes after the communication issues,
a second, older alien stepped out of the space ship and spoke to Leo in perfect English. Leo had many questions, but the older alien, code-named BB, simply
told him to calm down and think calmly. Leo took a deep breath and asked "How are you able to communicate with us?". BB responded "I have been monitoring the 
state of this planet for many years. Throughout the years, I have learned and monitored the mannerisms from space without being visible to the people." Leo 
asked BB what the aliens would do if they were spotted, or if Leo was seen with them. BB responded slyly: "Why don't we find out now, shall we?"




BB invited Leo into the space ship. In the center of the space ship, there is a spacesuit and a red button, BB said "if you put this space suit on, you will see everything that happening on this planet."
Leo was very interested in it and decide to put on the spacesuit, but another astronaut was saying something, but Leo cannot understand. Once Leo put on the spacesuit, a burse of laser flashes from the inside 
of the mask, and Leo can understand what is the first astronaut saying, "don't put this space suit on, your face will be cloned by BB, and it will not be changed back!" Leo was shocked and at this time,
BB took off his mask, his face is the same as Leo's. BB said "haha, I am free now." and BB jumps out the spaceship. Another astronaut said, "if you want to continuously live on this planet, you need to get 
another person's 'face Id', let press down the red button, we will be sent to another place on this planet, and you will lie to another person." 


